Interview questions:

Process & Framework related:
1. Explain the steps to configure Pipeline Jobs using either Jenkins or Azure devops.
2. usage of any code quality tool like Sonarqube in your project
3. Explain exception handling concepts, Interfaces, design patterns and custom exceptions used in your project.
4. where did you use reflection API in your framework.
5. Explain differnt layers in automation framework.
6. Difference between any two frameworks(eg: Keyword driven framework and modular driven framework)
7. Explain SOLID principles and which principle you have used in the framework.
8. how to you achieve parallel execution in your framework or testng.
9. how do you exclude few tests from group of tests in testng.
10. Explain about DataProvider annotation in testng and how did you achieve parametirization in testng.
11. Any Experience in developemnt of framework from scratch
12. Explain about different profiles used in mavena and have you used any custom profiles in your project.
13. Explain which reporting feature you have used.. for e.g Extent Reports  
14. where exactly you schedule your regression suites, either on vm's or Azure devops pools and explain the procedure of configuration.
15. Explain how did you handle browser version and driver version compatability issue automatically in your project.
16. Explain the process you follow in your project(starting from taking the work and delivering the work).
17. How do you provide estimates for any task in your project, do you follow any metrics.
18. what are burndown charts in agile methodology
19. what is productbacklog and sprintbacklog.
20. what challenges did you face while handling the team.
21. Usage of Streams,Functional Interfaces(Java 8 features) in your project.
22. How do you achieve parallel testing in selenium-cucumber
23. Usage of hooks and background in selenium-cucumber.
24. Explain what is testrunner file in selenium-cucumber.
25. Explain in how many ways you can trigger selenium suites in testng.
26. Explain ITestListener Interface.
27. How many ways you can scheduled the falied test case again in testng.

Selenium related:
1. When do you go for JavaScriptExecutor.
2. Explain Synchronization mechanism in Selenium(Implicitwait, Explicitwait, Fluentwait)
3. how do you write an xpath to find an element whose node gets disappeared in the DOM when you try to inspect it.
4. difference between Soft and hard assertion.
5. Explain Actions class, select class, switching between multiple windows and frames
6. Explain Selenium architecture
7. how do you find whether a radio button is selected or not.
8. Usage of oops concepts in Selenium.
9. types of locators in selenum and which locator is faster.
10. Explain different exceptions in selenium.
11. when do you get staleElementException and how do you handle it.
12. what type of exception will you get if browser version and driver version is not in sync.
13. Difference between FluentWait and Explicit wait.

Java Concepts.
1.OOPs Concepts.
2.Exception Handling
3.difference b/w Interfaces and Abstract Classes, which one you choose and why.
4.Questions on Collections, where exactly used Collections concepts in framework.
5.Questions on Threads.
6.Difference between HashSet and HashMap
7.Usage of ArrayList and LinkedList in your project.
8.What is reflection api
9.difference b/w string and stringbuffer
10. Questions on Constructors, Inner Classes

1.Programs on Strings
2.Program to removal of duplicates from arrays, Strings using HashSet, HashMap
3.AnyProgram like sorting, searching, nth highest, removal of special characters from String.


